front-end-react1/README.md, before:

## Secret Recipe App
Color Scheme:
- Page background: Bisque
- Title and Header Backgrounds: Salmon or crimson
- Text color: White Smoke with black border
- Font: inter

## MVP OBJECTIVES
[ ] Item 1 - Created functional components and used events in application to add dynamic functionality to app.
[ ] Item 2 - Code was organized at the component level, proper usage of state and props are demonstrated throughout the project, the UI is composed of small reusable components, proper usage of useState and useEffect hooks are clearly incorporated and correctly implemented. Student used Array methods to dynamically render HTML elements.
[ ] Item 3 - Implemented GET requests using either axios or fetch to display 3rd party data on a deployed page. Route management properly installed and used to show top level pages as well as nested views where necessary.
[ ] Item 4 - Set up component management for the forms in the app that makes sense for each form. Student made the decision to use a third-party library, like formik, or not, and can defend their decision. Some form validation is in place.

## STRETCH OBJECTIVES
[ ] Item 1 - Incorporate a third party event/animation library like unto Greensock, Anime, React-motion, etc. (https://greensock.com/react/)
[ ] Item 2 - Was able to architect components to be easily reused. Student used advanced React techniques like the composition pattern, custom hooks, render props, HOCs, etc.
[ ] Item 3 - Not only are standard techniques employed, the code is organized in such a fashion that the student demonstrated proper use of container vs presentational components or other industry standards, conventions, or patterns.
[ ] Item 4 - Showed great insight in setting up the state management for the app's forms. Form validation is in place for all fields, and covers all use cases. Loading states and success/error notifications are in place and add to the overall UX of the app.

Commit message:

added MVP goals to README doc and a summary of what the app will be able to do upon completion

front-end-react1/README.md, after:

## Secret Recipe App
A place to store all of your secret family recipes, handed down from generation to generation. We will create an app with a Sign Up/ Log In feature where you can add and search for your secret family recipes. You will be able to search for recipes by title or tagged categories. There will be a home page to view all of the entered recipes. You will not be able to view any recipes without an account. You will have the ability to create a new recipe, including title, source or creator of that recipe (ex. Grandma Ethel), ingredients, instructions, and category (dinner, chicken, dessert, pasta, etc.) and the ability to edit or delete it later if desired. 

Features to be added:
You will also have the ability to upload a photo of the original recipe along with the recipe entry and be able to invite another user with the link to view the recipe.

(https://www.notion.so/FT-Build-Week-Product-Catalog-3d7b2a1e617f4bd4b43f86dd99b79d80?p=a351e9ccf0dd47f28446dde87b2ce71b)

Color Scheme:
- Page background: Bisque
- Title and Header Backgrounds: Salmon or crimson
- Text color: White Smoke with black border
- Font: inter

## MVP OBJECTIVES
[ ] Item 1 - Created functional components and used events in application to add dynamic functionality to app.

[ ] Item 2 - Code was organized at the component level, proper usage of state and props are demonstrated throughout the project, the UI is composed of small reusable components, proper usage of useState and useEffect hooks are clearly incorporated and correctly implemented. Student used Array methods to dynamically render HTML elements.

[ ] Item 3 - Implemented GET requests using either axios or fetch to display 3rd party data on a deployed page. Route management properly installed and used to show top level pages as well as nested views where necessary.

[ ] Item 4 - Set up component management for the forms in the app that makes sense for each form. Student made the decision to use a third-party library, like formik, or not, and can defend their decision. Some form validation is in place.

## STRETCH OBJECTIVES
[ ] Item 1 - Incorporate a third party event/animation library like unto Greensock, Anime, React-motion, etc. (https://greensock.com/react/)

[ ] Item 2 - Was able to architect components to be easily reused. Student used advanced React techniques like the composition pattern, custom hooks, render props, HOCs, etc.

[ ] Item 3 - Not only are standard techniques employed, the code is organized in such a fashion that the student demonstrated proper use of container vs presentational components or other industry standards, conventions, or patterns.

[ ] Item 4 - Showed great insight in setting up the state management for the app's forms. Form validation is in place for all fields, and covers all use cases. Loading states and success/error notifications are in place and add to the overall UX of the app.
